Bevy Version:0.12(current)


Browser (WebAssembly)
Introduction
You can make web browser games using Bevy. This chapter will help you with
the things you need to know to do it. This page gives an overview of Bevy's
Web support.
Your Bevy app will be compiled for WebAssembly (WASM), which allows it to
be embedded in a web page and run inside the browser.
Performance will be limited, as WebAssembly is slower than native code and
does not currently support multithreading.
Not all 3rd-party plugins are compatible. If you need extra unofficial plugins,
you will have to check if they are compatible with WASM.
Project Setup
The same Bevy project, without any special code modifications, can be built
for either web or desktop/native.
However, you will need a "website" with some HTML and JavaScript to contain the
game, so that the browser can load, run, and display it.
For development and testing, this can just be a minimal shim.
It can be easily autogenerated.
To deploy, you will need a server to host your website for other people to
access. You could use GitHub's hosting service: GitHub Pages.
You can also host your game on itch.io.
Additional Caveats
When users want to play your game, their browser will need to download the
files. Optimizing for size is important, so that your game can
start faster and not waste data bandwidth.
Note: the dynamic_linking feature flag is not supported for
WASM builds. You cannot use it.
Quick Start
First, add WASM support to your Rust installation. Using Rustup:
rustup target install wasm32-unknown-unknown

wasm-server-runner
The easiest and most automatic way to get started is the
wasm-server-runner tool.
It is great for testing during development.
Install it:
cargo install wasm-server-runner

Set up cargo to use it, in .cargo/config.toml (in your project folder,
or globally in your user home folder):
[target.wasm32-unknown-unknown]
runner = "wasm-server-runner"

Alternatively, you can also set the runner using an environment variable:
export CARGO_TARGET_WASM32_UNKNOWN_UNKNOWN_RUNNER=wasm-server-runner

Now you can just run your game with:
cargo run --target wasm32-unknown-unknown

It will automatically run a minimal local webserver and open your game in your browser.
Higher-level Tools
Here are some higher-level alternatives. These are feature-rich tools that can
do more for you and automate much of your workflow, but are opinionated in how
they work.

Trunk
wasm-pack

Custom Web Page
If you are a web developer and you want to make your own website where you embed
your Bevy game, see here.

### References
[[Optimize for Size  Unofficial Bevy Cheat Book]] [[Introduction  Unofficial Bevy Cheat Book]] [[Create a Custom Web Page  Unofficial Bevy Cheat Book]] [[Hosting on GitHub Pages  Unofficial Bevy Cheat Book]] [[Customizing Bevy features modularity  Unofficial Bevy Cheat Book]] [[]] 